hey how's it going Dave Judy here and
this is the 13 inch razor blade stealth
and this is kind of exciting for a lot
of people that know about this product
because when it launched it was a great
product but those bezels were extra
thick and I guess razor listened so now
we have this it has the same external
dimensions and finish it's got great
build quality one of the better built
ultra books the black finish is really
nice but I highly recommend putting a
skin on the stealth I'm using the black
dragon from dbrand and I know the skin
looks nice and all but the big thing for
me is protection to scratch on a black
laptop looks extra ugly I nicked my old
one and it sucks a link these scans
below now there is another color called
gunmetal grey it's a very muted look
it's all grey there's no light-up logo
and even though RGB keyboard is gone
it's only white backlighting I will take
a look at the gray one in a couple weeks
but if you want RGB lights you got to go
with this one
the black version the ports also haven't
changed there's one HDMI to use ba ports
and a found about three ports that's
also used for charging the internal of
looked pretty much the same the RAM is
soldered on again but this time it has
16 gigs of RAM which is very roomy and
something that a lot of enthusiasts for
asking for it the SSD is replaceable you
just got to remove the ribbon cable
again but sadly it's still using the PM
9 v 1 drives which have relatively slow
write speeds at the lower capacities
it's not a terrible Drive it's just that
there are so many better drives out
there that they could have used kind of
disappointing the battery size remains
the same at 50 3.6 watt hours but I'm
getting less battery life running the
same loop as usual it's clocking in that
a little over seven hours still very
good but it's about 40 minutes less than
the older model and I think it's just
because the screen is bigger there's
just a larger surface area to light up
now speaking of screens there's two
screen sizes available the older 12.5
inch panels and the new 13.3 inch panel
I have a strong preference for this one
it's got a great color gamut and the
accuracy is also pretty good after
calibration I do wish it was brighter
it's perfectly fine indoors but
especially with that glossy screen it's
not ideal for bright environments but
that bezel it's shrunken down and it
just looks so much better I mean a lot
of you guys have complained about the
older thick bezels and they did
something about it which is awesome
another thing we've changed
subtract that it seems to be the same
size and it's got the same glass texture
the button mechanism feels slightly
different to me than the older one that
one had a more pronounced click but the
tracking on this new one is so much
better windows precision drivers finally
I never loved the trackpad on the
original stealth this new one is great
performance is as expected
it's a KB Lake i7 and with 16 gigs of
ram it will crush any kind of media
consumption work or school stuff that
you throw at it video editing on kennedy
p footage will be pretty decent if you
have an external drive 4k footage is
going to be gnarly but it's an ultrabook
now one of the things i need to make
clear is that the razor blade self is
not a gaming laptop I mean it's made by
Razer but it's not designed to play
games on its own it's running an HD 620
the integrated graphics strip from Intel
and I mean you can play some light games
and still get reasonable frame rates if
you turn everything down and play at the
lowest resolution but the Razer Blade
stealth was one of the first laptops to
support external GPUs / Thunderbolt 3
and even in mid 2017 this is still one
of the best setups for the job I
connected to the Razer core running a
GTX 1080 and it's a super easy hookup
it's basically plug and play now gaming
performance is really good but like all
Thunderbolt 3 GPUs performance is going
to be around 10 maybe 15% less than
direct connection on a desktop and
remember you want to use an external
monitor for the best performance now if
you're interested in learning more about
this particular setup I'll put a link in
the video description thermal
performance remains the same nothing is
too hot nothing's too loud razer did a
pretty good job on this thing so
obviously there's a lot of stuff I like
about the stealth but for the sake of
being thorough and for the people that
just want to hate on something there are
a couple things like a pic at first is
the keyboard I think it could be better
it hasn't changed since launch or at
least not in any way noticeable to me
it's decent and I like the RGB lighting
but I wish it had a bit more travel on
each stroke and the functional markings
still don't light up so if you want to
adjust volume or screen brightness in
the dark
you got to memorize which keys to press
the speakers could also be better I mean
they're positioned well I mean good
stereo separation and they look cool but
I just wish they had better audio
quality the 12-inch MacBook and some of
the HP Spectre laptops have better
speakers but that's about it Razer took
a really good laptop fixed everything
that people had to complain about it and
we
of this there is however something that
kind of casts a bit of shade on all this
awesome stuff the razor blade stealth
has actually been one of the best values
ultra books on the market which was
weird because it's razor and they
normally have more premium pricing but
this one cost $1400 at the base model I
mean it's significantly upgraded
compared to the old one but it's like
50% more expensive
so with the new stealth I think they did
a great job on it it's pricey but I
think it's going to be a very popular
device it has the same great build
quality as before the 13.3 inch screen
has very good color accuracy and the
bezels are finally smaller but it could
be brighter the RGB keyboard is space to
comfortably but the keys do have a
shallow stroke the trackpad is glass
again and tracking software is much
improved this year
inside the KB Lake CPU and the HT 620
are quietly cooled and deliver strong
performance for an ultrabook
the 16 gigs of ram is soldered on the
included SSD isn't super fast but it is
replaceable and the 53.6 watt-hour
battery will last around 7 hours so
should you get this thing honestly if
you just bought the old Razer Blade
stealth I feel bad for you son because
this was so much better it is a lot more
expensive there's that but if you're
looking for an ultrabook and you can
afford this thing this one's really good
ok